1. We (Spectre Fleet or 'SF') provide the spectrefleet.com website. We are a non-profit organisation.

2. We do not legally own a wide range of intellectual property rights used in and relating to this website, including: none of the trademarks SF, spectrefleet.com, Spectre Fleet and related logos, but we would appreciate you not stealing them; the design, text, graphics, articles, blogs, forums and other content of the web pages on this website, together with all the web addresses associated with those web pages, other than those which we use under licence; our registered designs for the website and in all the software used in relation to this website, other than that which we use under licence from CCP Games Hf.

3. spectrefleet.com also has information supplied by other organisations, including information about: eve online

4. For the purpose of these conditions, the term 'website' refers to spectrefleet.com, the database on spectrefleet.com and any other website we may own or run from time to time that links through to these conditions

5. If you log on to or use any part of the website you agree to these conditions. If you do not want to agree to these conditions, do not log on to or use this website.

6. We may change these conditions at any time without giving you notice. Please check these conditions from time to time for any changes. By continuing to use the website you agree to all the changes we make to these conditions.

7. spectrefleet.com allows you to search for publicly available material. You are allowed to use the website and the results of any search you carry out on the website for this purpose unless this is not allowed under paragraph 10 of these conditions.

8. We may limit your access to some parts of the website depending on whether or not you have registered with us. Please do not tell other people your log in, password or any other piece of information that is part of our security procedures. We take steps to prevent people misusing the website and to make sure that our rights are not affected.

9. We process information about you in line with our Privacy Policy. By using the website, you agree to the way in which we process your personal information.

10. You cannot use the website:
a) for any unlawful purpose;
b) to harm, threaten, abuse or harass another person, or in a way that invades someone's privacy or is (in our reasonable opinion) offensive or is unacceptable or damaging to SF or it's related partners;
c) to create, check, confirm, update or amend your own or someone else's databases, records, directories, customer lists, mailing or prospecting lists;
d) to provide any kind of commercial information service;
e) as a source of material or contact data for any kind of marketing activity;
f) to tamper with, update or change any part of the website;
g) in a way that affects how it is run;
h) in a way that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionably large burden on SF's communications and technical systems as determined by us; or
using any automated means to monitor or copy the website or its content, or to interfere with or attempt to interfere with how the website works.

11. You must not artificially increase the number of click counts or click-throughs for any advertisement or advertiser, including by:
any manual means (such as repeatedly clicking on adverts or refreshing pages);
any automated means (such as computer-generated search requests or similar devices); or
asking someone to carry out these activities (including by offering any benefit or incentive).

12. We have the right to investigate any of your online activities at spectrefleet.com. You agree to provide reasonable help with these matters.
You acknowledge that personal information from your activities may be collected. The scope of information gathered is unlimited but we will attempt to prune unecessary information gathered after a set period of time.

13. If you provide any material to the website (for example, by commenting on a blog or uploading any content including a video), you agree to grant us permission, free of charge, to use your material in any way we want on any website or otherwise (including altering and adapting it for operational or editorial reasons) in any media worldwide, which may include syndicating the material to selected third party social media and networking sites.

14. After posting or emailing your material to the website, you continue to own that material, and you continue to have the right to use your material in any way you choose.

15. Please choose carefully any information you post on the website, as it will be available for public viewing. By providing any material to the website, and for us to be able to use it, you confirm that:
a) your material is your own original work or you are authorised to provide it to the website;
b) your material is not defamatory (that is, it does not damage someone's good reputation), does not contain any material which is harassing, threatening, obscene, offensive, hateful, abusive or inflammatory;
c) your material does not take away or affect any other person's privacy rights, contract rights or any other rights, and does not otherwise break any laws.
d) your material does not promote any illegal activity or discrimination;
e) that you have the right to give us permission to use it for purposes specified above and that such use will not infringe the copyright, database right, trade mark, privacy or other rights of a third party; and
f) your material is not in any way liable to mislead others or otherwise be detrimental to or inconsistent with our good name or reputation.

16. You acknowledge that we do not have a duty to publish any material you have provided.

17. We have the right to:
a) reject or refuse to post any material you have provided;
b) remove any material from the website, whether or not the material goes against any of these conditions; or
c) restrict, suspend or stop your access to all or any part of the website at any time.

18. We will usually display your name or nickname with your material on the website, unless you ask us not to (as long as it is possible to do this). We may need to contact you for administrative purposes or to make checks on your material. For full details of when and how we may contact you, please see our Privacy Policy

19. If you do not want to grant us the permission set out above on these terms, please do not provide any material to the website.

20. Please be aware of the following:
a) You use the website at your own risk.
b) We advise you to make sure you know what content you download from spectrefleet.com. We cannot guarantee the quality of any material you download from spectrefleet.com.
c) You should not rely on the website for advice.
d) The website contains hyperlinks to websites run by other entities other than Spectre Fleet. We do not control, and are not responsible for, any other websites made available from or through the website. We do not give any guarantees about their content or how they work. You access and use these sites at your own risk and will need to keep to any conditions of use that apply to those sites. We do not approve or sponsor any products, services or content you access or buy through these websites.

21. As far as the relevant laws allow, neither we nor any other members of our group of companies, shareholders, officers, shareholders, staff or other organisations connected to us (collectively, 'Spectre Fleet Members') give you any guarantees that:
a) there will be no problems with how you use the website; or
b) the computer or server you use to log on to the website is free of viruses or other harmful programs.

22. Under no circumstances will the Spectre Fleet Members or any other organisation involved in creating, producing, maintaining or distributing the website be liable for any loss of:
a) profits;
b) business or business opportunities;
c) savings you expect to make;
d) goodwill;
e) use of corrupted information; or
f) information.

23. We are not liable to you for any other loss whether they are because we have not kept to our obligations or contract, because of something we have not done, due to defamatory statements or liability for a product or otherwise as a result of:
a) using or relying on the website;
b) not being able to use the website;
c) any mistake, fault, failure to do something, missing information, or virus on the website or if it does not work properly because of incidents outside of our control such as (but not limited to) interruptions to communication and networks and circumstances beyond our control;
d) theft, destruction of information or someone getting access to our records, programs or services without our permission;
e) goods, products, services or information received through or advertised on the website or any links provided by the website; or
f) any information, data, message or other material which you e-mail, post, upload, reproduce, send, or otherwise distribute or receive using the website.

24. These conditions make up the whole agreement between you and us in how you use the website. If a court decides that a condition is not valid, the rest of the conditions will still apply.

The conditions in this document may be updated at any time and you agree to updated conditions by continued use of services we provide. It is your responsibility to keep up to date with these terms.
